refactor(API): Remove old endpoints to scan datasets (#2512)
recognai/rubrix: CHANGELOG.md

> # Changelog

Reviewer: If possible we should follow this CHANGELOG standard format: https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.1.0/

Author: DONE

# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

### Removed

> - Removing deprecated endpoint used by old clients. This change will break compatibility with client `<v1.3.0`

Reviewer: I think we need to put something more specific:

```suggestion
- Removing some data scan deprecated endpoints used by old clients. This change will break compatibility with client `<v1.3.0`
```
